Let's try something.
I was in the mountains.
That won't happen.
I told them to send me another ticket.
No I'm not; you are!
Are you freaking kidding me?!
That was probably what influenced their decision.
How many close friends do you have?
Most people write about their daily life.
Maybe it will be exactly the same for him.
I think my living with you has influenced your way of living.
I hate it when there are a lot of people.
Theoretically, I'm doing math.
I don't like it when mathematicians who know much more than I do can't express themselves explicitly.
I like candlelight.
I don't like you anymore.
You can probably guess what happens though.
It's not something anyone can do.
Everyone wants to meet you. You're famous!
Bearing can be unbearable.
I just wanted to check my email.
Stop seeing me as a "normal" person!
"What's going on in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
"Thank you for helping me." "Don't mention it."
"Haven't we met somewhere before?" asked the student.
If you don't eat, you die.
When you're beginning to look like the photo in your passport, you should go on a holiday.
Are they all the same?
Pull into shape after washing.
Seeing that you're not surprised, I think you must have known.
It's quite difficult to master French in 2 or 3 years.
I couldn't have done it without you. Thank you.
It took me more than two hours to translate a few pages of English.
Paris is the most beautiful city in the world.
We don't see things as they are, but as we are.
We're meeting up tomorrow?
Could you dial for me? The telephone is too high.
"Pass me the salt, please." "Here you are."
If you don't want to put on sunscreen, that's your problem. Just don't come complaining to me when you get a sunburn.
Mathematics is the part of science you could continue to do if you woke up tomorrow and discovered the universe was gone.
Who wants some hot chocolate?
I don't feel well.
It's a complete mess, and it's getting on my nerves.
What do you believe is true even though you cannot prove it?
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
I am married and have two children.
In a dictionary like this one there should be at least two sentences with "fridge".
"Have you finished?" "On the contrary, I have not even begun yet."
We have a Pope.
Don't worry, be happy!
I'm afraid to fall.
Could you call again later, please?
Have you ever eaten a banana pie?
Prime numbers are like life; they are completely logical, but impossible to find the rules for, even if you spend all your time thinking about it.
Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed.
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
Too late.
I live near the sea, so I often get to go to the beach.
Be patient please. It takes time.
When you send a telegram, brevity is essential because you will be charged for every word.
Sarah was discerning enough to realize that her friends were trying to prank her.
People in the world are always advocating for more freedom and equality.
The war on Iraq is a volatile subject of political debate; any wrong word and a heated argument could spark.
Though his stay in Europe was transient, Spenser felt he had learned much more about interactions with other people from traveling than he did at college.
Prosecutors in court have to substantiate their claims in order to prove a suspect is guilty.
A miser hoards money not because he is prudent but because he is greedy.
Shocked by the events of September 11th, politicians all over the world condemned the terrorists for their reprehensible deed.
Spenser's mother often scrutinizes him for every small mistake he makes.
We must learn to meet adversity gracefully.
Even if your sentences were actually senseless, you at least have the luck to be able to form beautiful sentences.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words.
Classes are starting again soon.
Sorry, I don't think I'm gonna be able to.
It's driving me crazy.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
What are you talking about?
"Thank you." "You're welcome."
Hold on, someone is knocking at my door.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
So what if I am gay? Is it a crime?
My heart was filled with happiness.
Yes! I won twice in a row!
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
Life in prison is worse than the life of an animal.
Freedom is not free.
He will make you eat dirt.
If I showed you my house, my neighborhood back then, would you understand where I am from?
I usually take a shower in the evening.
What is the advantage of this technology?
When can one say that a person has alcohol issues?
The entrée includes a beverage.
He's Argentinean and he gives tennis lessons.
Could you please repeat that?
Why did you wake me up to tell me something that big? Now, I'll never be able to concentrate on my work!
Try as you might, but you cannot force a belief onto someone else, much less your own self.
The scientific theory I like the best is that the rings of Saturn are composed entirely of lost luggage.
Only those who risk going too far will know how far one can go.
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
Whose is this?
I really wasn't expecting that from you.
I don't care.
It's too good to be true.
Like father, like son.
I don't expect anything from you.
Do you want fruit juice?
Make yourself at home.
We are sorry, the person you are trying to contact is not available.
Would you like to come?
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone?
How much is it?
I want you to tell me the truth.
This girl changed her look.
It's more difficult than you think.
She's got a fair complexion while her brother is very dark.
I hope he'll be able to come! I'd like to see him.
For once in my life I'm doing a good deed... And it is useless.
We have to take him to the hospital immediately; he is seriously injured!
Please do not take photos here.
What have you been doing all this time!
Even plastic surgery won't do anything for your ugliness.
She is mad at me.
You have to come with me.
You shouldn't do things by halves.
You are not at all wrong.
You look tired. You ought to rest for an hour or two.
Just a minute.
When did you see her dancing with him?
You must not look upon him as great.
All you have to do is follow his advice.
You should not play on his generous nature.
You ought to ask him for advice.
Can you swim as fast as he?
You should have told him about it while he was here.
You must study hard.
You could count to ten when you were two years old.
You don't go to school on Sunday, do you?
How do you account for your being late?
You must build up your courage.
Now that you are a big boy, you may do as you please.
Can you throw a fastball?
