I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
I would never have guessed that.
Would you like to dance with me?
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
You are the great love of my life.
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
He was still mad about the accident despite his wife's conciliatory words.
I knew that today would be fun.
Sir, you are not allowed to park your car here.
He will make you eat dirt.
Do you have professional experience?
The best way to predict the future is to invent it.
Do you want fruit juice?
You arrived at the moment I left.
I brought you a little something.
No, I'm not mad at you, I'm just disappointed.
You must not take advantage of her innocence.
You should pay more attention to his warnings.
You must be a fool.
Who are you waiting for?
You should follow your teacher's advice.
I think you'd better take a rest; you look ill.
You should learn to restrain yourself.
Do you take me for a fool?
Did you hear about the fire yesterday?
You made a wise choice.
You should conform to the rules.
What did you come here so early for?
How many days will you remain in London?
Have you taken your medicine yet?
You're not old enough to get a driver's license.
How did you obtain these old postage stamps?
It is impossible for you to do so.
You make too much of the event.
You had better not have gone there.
You must put these mistakes right.
You are safe so long as you stay here.
You always take things too easy.
Do you know how high the television tower is?
Meg called you during your absence.
Your book is double the size of mine.
Your answer is far from satisfactory.
Your idea leaves nothing to be desired.
We will make an exception of your case.
You have Jim to thank for your failure.
Do you eat rice in your country?
Your words are as good as violence.
Your study will bear fruit.
What direction does your house face?
Your selfishness will lose you your friends.
Your shirt is torn. You better put on another shirt.
I have some good news for you.
I wanted to show it to you.
I expect you to work harder.
If I were you, I'd be able to succeed.
I don't like both of you going to such a place.
Not only you but also he is ignorant of the truth.
Either you or I am wrong.
It's a pity that you should leave Japan.
They will have arrived there before you start.
What you've just told me chimes in with what I heard yesterday.
I am counting on you to join us.
It was silly of you to trust them.
It is right that you should write it.
With you here beside me I'm not afraid of anything. You're my fortress.
Please remove your shoes before entering the house.
Judging from the look of the sky, it will be fine tomorrow.
Where does the airport bus leave from?
Air is a mixture of gases.
The sky is over our heads.
There is a mass of dark clouds in the sky.
All my troubles came to nothing.
I've got to get some money somehow to repay the bank loan.
We can hardly wait for the party on Friday.
If I get rich, I will buy it.
Money does not grow on trees.
Gold will not buy everything.
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
I haven't seen anything of her lately.
I hope to see his picture soon.
I would like to sit in the non-smoking section.
Don't go to extremes. To be moderate is important in anything.
Surprisingly enough, he turned out to be a thief.
Mr. Hashimoto is fair to us.
The professor ordered some new books from New York.
The teacher caught the student cheating on the examination.
Go straight ahead until you reach the church.
Fear always springs from ignorance.
The robbers fell upon him from behind the trees.
The sound of shouting grew faint.
Kyoto is not as large as Osaka.
My hobbies are fishing and watching television.
You cannot take a picture in the theater without permission.
Last summer I traveled to Italy.
And he chased the cattle, the sheep, and the people out of the temple.
Aside from his salary, he receives money from investments.
There is nothing that does not decay.
Suddenly Jim pulled the car up in front of the bank.
Hurry up, or you'll be late.
That sort of thing can happen when you are in haste.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
Taking a little time off?
From the hill, we could see all the buildings in the city.
Smoking will do more harm than good.
All the arguments pointed in the same direction.
There is no room for doubt.
It is too early to get up.
I'd like some information about your new computers.
She has a good memory, too.
The train left the station and had soon disappeared from view.
He gives me the creeps.
I pulled myself together and started my work.
Returnees have trouble getting used to life in Japan.
Mechanical power took the place of manual labor.
As was expected, he succeeded in winning the prize.
There is an apple on the desk.
Hope is the last thing that man has to flee unto.
Basically, I agree with your opinion.
Dangerous driving should be punished.
You look pale. You'd better take a day off.
I was exhausted by a full day's teaching.
I entered someone else's room by mistake.
We're counting on you to wake us up in time, so don't fall asleep.
Check all the loose knots and fasten them tight.
The director cast me as the devil.
May I present this to you in token of my appreciation?
My patience has come to the breaking point.
It was cold, and in addition, it was windy.
The stock market is in a prolonged slump.
The frame itself is worth more than the picture.
The president addressed his students as follows.
Students are supposed to study hard.
Being only a student, I can't afford to get married.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
I like summer holidays better than school.
The school stands about one mile off.
I lost my purse on my way to school.
The final exams are approaching.
Indeed she is young and beautiful, but she is in delicate health.
The top favorites of each section were gathered together.
I cannot get the lid off.
On the whole, Canada has a severe climate.
We give foreign tourists the privilege of tax exemption.
I couldn't make myself understood in a foreign country.
It is getting dark outside.
The opening ceremony took place yesterday.
I will see you, each in your turn.
A submarine cable was laid between the two countries.
Japanese tourists abroad are big spenders.
I cast my net into the sea.
We could hear the groans of the injured man.
Why don't you join in the conversation?
The firm went under due to lack of capital.
We got the meeting over with quickly.
The meeting room is downstairs.
It would help us if you would reserve the following hotel during our conference.
How did you enjoy the party?
We were all assailed with fears.
We were looking for buried treasure.
We can depend on her helping us.
We were surprised at his conduct.
We are confronted with a difficult situation.
We have no choice but to compromise.
We provided the flood victims with food and clothing.
We negotiated with the President about our working hours.
We think we are over the worst.
We need action, not words.
Our views are in agreement with theirs as to the essential points.
We danced to the music.
We flew to Paris, where we stayed a week.
We went on talking about the matter.
We spoke to no purpose.
We are always exposed to some kind of danger.
We have a plentiful supply of water.
Our city sits on an active fault.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was inaccurate.
Our company needs someone who feels at home when it comes to advanced technology.
We had an implicit agreement that we would support each other.
This is an extremely well run company.
We decorated the Christmas tree with lights.
My past indiscretions are coming back to haunt me.
Send your baggage in advance.
Bees are flying among the flowers.
You might as well wait until Tuesday.
In case of a fire, use this emergency stairway.
The fire burned brightly, giving forth a comforting warmth.
Kabuki is an old Japanese art.
You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you are free or busy.
Science has made rapid progress in this century.
Our rent is four times as much as it was ten years ago.
The landlord won't permit him to paint the door red.
The house collapsed in an earthquake.
Our living room is sunny.
I leave to go home.
The house is on fire!
I'm looking forward to your visit during summer vacation.
I like everything that comes with summer.
Prices depend on supply and demand.
Can you hike for days in the wilderness without seeing anyone?
How many people do you think have an ear for music?
When should we make reservations?
Nothing is as precious as friendship.
A casual remark can hurt someone.
In doing anything, do your best.
You should put safety before everything else.
Everything is now ready for you.
I have no words to express my gratitude.
Hmm, how shall I say this?
I thought you had come on business.
I want something to eat.
Something dreadful has happened to Miss Davidson.
Are there any discount tickets for me?
Do you play any sports?
I will be glad if I can be of any service to you.
If UFOs were to attack the earth, what would become of us?
The concert will take place next Sunday.
Talking of music, what kind of music do you like?
I gotta keep on movin'.
Dust had accumulated in the attic.
The princess couldn't help laughing at him.
Is this the right way to Yokohama Station?
A nephew is a son of one's brother or sister.
Salt helps to preserve food from decay.
In the distance, there stood a dimly white lighthouse.
We heard shots in the distance.
Smoking is harmful to your health.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world.
It's an hour's walk to the station.
Could you tell me how to get to the station?
We must hurry if we want to arrive at the station on time.
The first man that succeed in swimming the Channel was Captain Webb.
We will employ a man who can speak English.
Students of English often mix up the words 'lie' and 'lay'.
English is too difficult for me to understand.
I couldn't make myself understood in English.
You have to eat nutritious foods.
That's something like a movie scenario.
A cloud passed across the moon.
Having a driver's license is an advantage for this job.
You have to look out for other cars when you drive.
He was looking for it like a hunting dog.
When did it begin to rain?
The rain prevented the boys from playing baseball on the playground.
The rain spoiled our picnic.
I'll take in the washing before it rains.
The festival will be held in the garden, unless it rains.
Rain formed pools in the hollow spaces on the rocks.
Space travel was thought to be impossible.
The building on the right side is a school.
The more you drink, the less careful you will be.
I forgot to lock the drawer.
A tall tree projects its long shadow on the water.
Where is the nearest telephone box?
Generally speaking, Japanese cars are popular overseas.
In general, young people dislike formality.
It can't be good sitting in the sun all day.
Give a dog a bad name and hang him.
What on earth are you doing in my room?
You won't succeed unless you work hard.
If each would sweep before the door, we should have a clean city.
I'd rather stay home than go alone.
Do you want to come along and give it a go?
I'll be back within an hour.
I will bite off just a little bit.
A miss is as good as a mile.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
The doctor's instructions are as follows: Take this medicine after meals.
The doctor decided to operate at once.
Did you go to the doctor?
Doctors are fighting against disease.
An ulcer forms in the stomach.
Opinion is ultimately determined by feelings, and not by the intellect.
All the members of the committee hate one another.
I am very fond of lobsters, but they are very, very expensive.
There used to be a coffee shop near the park.
Just like I thought, the contractor came back today, begging for more time.
Don't go out after it gets dark.
It seemed to be cheap.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
Not bad. I can earn a good enough living.
What a good dancer Aoi is!
Pity is akin to love.
We were sweating in the heat.
We must guard against mistakes in spelling.
The obstacles to our progress have been removed at last.
I'm going to Europe next week.
I had enough to do to catch the last bus.
I've read any and every book in this library.
Do you think that my way of teaching is wrong?
I cannot agree with you on this point.
I've got a pain in my side.
Raise your hand if you understand it.
He went to see her while she stayed in London.
Is it true that you are going to study in London?
Robert used to help his father in the store on weekends.
The rocket blasted out of the atmosphere.
I let down the rope.
How much more does it cost to return the rental car to another location?
The record is finished. Turn it over to the other side.
Lucy would often play the piano after dinner.
The apple trees grew old and new ones were planted.
Meanwhile, the foolish uncle was sitting in the living room.
Do you have a business acquaintance in Randolph., Ltd?
I fell asleep while listening to the radio.
Camels are often used to travel in the desert.
As the lion is king of beasts, so is the eagle king of birds.
After sleeping well, I felt much better.
How dare you talk to me like that!
School starts in September in Europe.
It is not so difficult to appreciate good music.
His wife's second cousin was a member of the Jewish ruling council.
I was disappointed at there being so little to do.
I finally got a job.
Written in simple English, this book is suitable for beginners.
Hey, Molly, why don't you come?
You're old enough to know better.
Tell me the more exact time.
Show me a cheaper one, please.
Benefits of course should exceed the costs.
You've got another four day's journey before you reach Moscow.
If anything should happen, please let me know.
To look at him, you would take him to be a foreigner.
If he will come, I will wait for him till he comes.
If the sun were to stop shining, all living things would die.
If the accident happens, report to me.
If I were free, I would accept his invitation.
If it had not been for your help, my father would have failed.
But for everybody's support, I would not have passed the examination.
If I had more time, I would learn how to dance.
If it had not been for the accident, we would have been in time.
If you want any money, I will lend you some.
If you come my way, drop in on me.
Have you met him already?
I have been reading this for a few hours.
Give me a little more water.
Won't you have some more coffee?
It's time you went to the barber's.
Now that it has stopped raining, we can go home.
Could you please repeat it slowly?
This guy is really wishy-washy. He couldn't make a decision to save his life.
I was nearly hit by a car.
I can't drink the beer any more.
Walk three more blocks and you will find the museum on your left.
The hen keeps her brood under her.
Meg is as tall as Ken.
The maid arranged the knives and forks on the table.
Everybody put their foot down.
We found that everyone was asleep.
Will you give me a glass of milk?
Bees provide honey for us.
You're the only mirror for me.
I hope Father will come home from abroad soon.
We will take a rest soon.
The manager deals with many problems.
It is me that is wrong.
You drank alcohol again? I told you not to!
I must warn you that if you do this again you will be punished.
Try the board surface first.
First of all, I must say this.
I hardly think she'd do that.
Michael was seen to leave by the side door.
Mike was very kind. He got my car repaired for free.
Martin Luther King, Jr., a man of peace, was killed by an assassin's bullet.
I need a bit of sugar.
Mr White said that because of the convention, there were no rooms available.
Here comes Jane. Do you know her?
Bob was so beside himself that he could scarcely tell fact from fiction.
Bob was always in a tight spot with the police.
Most everything has been improved.
Most of the dogs are alive.
It was dark when I reached the hotel.
I found the button loose.
I go to bed very early.
I am not concerned with this matter.
You can come with me.
Who else came to the party?
There's a telephone in the hall.
A new team was formed in order to take part in the boat race.
Waiter, give us separate checks, please.
Write with pen and ink.
Helen Keller was deaf and blind.
Snakes are animals I don't like in the least.
No one who owns a pet is allowed to live in this apartment building.
Bess is simply a child.
Mr Baker is not so much a teacher as a scholar.
Will the present make him happier?
Artists are highly respected in France.
Mr Brown is jealous of his colleague's success.
Your blouse goes beautifully with that skirt.
Football is an old game.
Fork-users have historically been in the minority.
There was a little water left in the bottom of the bottle.
Bill never fails to send a birthday present to his mother.
Bill may be watching this game at the stadium.
Do you know what to do if there's a fire in the building?
Do you, by any chance, think you will succeed?
A high school student made this robot.
A bad cold prevented her from attending the class.
I ate a fresh lemon for the vitamin C.
Painters such as Picasso are rare.
Peter may need a new diaper.
Bread and milk are good foods.
He says he has been to Hawaii before.
It was her wish to go to Paris.
The roses are in bud.
Patricia will organize the tournament.
I am not sure, but I think I want to be a teacher.
Would you like a room with a bath or a shower?
Will you show me your passport, please?
Could you tell me where I can get a bus?
You will have to go without her.
All was quiet except that buses sometimes ran.
Get me the scissors, please.
The pipe shop is across the street.
Yes, I do. I answered.
The party was fun. You should have come, too.
I don't know whether to go to the party or not.
Please put some candles on the birthday cake.
Ned comes from the state of Utah.
The wet vase left a mark on the table.
Have you ever been to New York?
Many would jump at the chance to live in New York.
Nixon was caught lying because he bugged his own office.
What a friend you are!
Somehow it's been a rough day.
Nancy knows better than to marry Jack.
It is true the boy is mischievous, but he is kind at heart.
In doing anything, you must do your best.
I wonder why he is so angry.
What put it in your head to come here now?
Why do you need to read such a book?
What are you punishing them for?
After using the knife, please be sure to put it back where it was.
We must select a suitable person for any post.
Under no circumstances should you repeat this to anyone.
What kind of movie is it? Is it popular?
Accidents will happen in the best-regulated families.
What sports do you like?
The thief got away with the money.
How long will this rope hold?
What do you say to playing cards?
We happened to see a truck run into the guard-rail.
Tommy did not want to run the risk of losing his job.
I had some difficulty making up my mind which colleges to apply to.
What subject are you good at?
What sports do you go in for?
Have some frozen lobster at any rate.
How long does Tony run every day?
Totoro makes friends with everyone.
It took us a long time, but finally we were able to find it.
I'm so hungry that I could eat a horse.
It's entirely up to you which one you choose.
Which plan do you believe is better?
Which is your book, this one or that one?
By the way, what do you do?
Where are you planning to stay?
You may go wherever you like.
Is there a telephone anywhere?
From time to time she stopped and looked round.
I seem to have caught a bad cold.
It seems that there is something wrong with the telephone.
At length, my wish was realized.
Please be careful of your health.
Tell me about yourself, please, Sir Anthony.
I wonder what has made him change his mind.
Why didn't you get one before we left?
I cannot for the life of me remember where it was.
Why did you call me at this unearthly hour?
Please come in an ordinary dress.
Could you lend me the book?
Can I use your toilet, please?
Please paint the door white.
The door will lock automatically when you go out.
I heard the door close.
It's time you stopped watching television.
The spread of television has considerably deprived us of our time for reading.
What about watching the night game on TV?
But you don't have to stay to the end.
Debbie, is your school near here?
I'm sure that Ted's cough is due to smoking.
Actually it might be a good idea to start right now.
You should call your father as soon as possible.
Put the tables end to end.
Please sponge the mess up off the table.
I like Dave because he is very kind.
Let's listen to the people of Deal talk about their jobs and their everyday lives.
The penalty for spitting is five pounds.
Finally she gave in to temptation and ate the whole cake.
At last, I completed my work.
The tour guide pointed out the sight.
Give me a hand, will you?
I laid down for a short nap and fell asleep for two hours.
I'd like to speak to you for a moment.
She arrived just as I was leaving.
Tulips are our prefecture's official flower.
Where can I buy tickets?
Which way is the cheese shelf?
The dancers timed their steps to the music of the band.
Not everyone can be a poet.
Whoever comes, don't open the door.
Someone has left a bag on the bench.
It's okay to take it easy sometimes.
Perhaps she doesn't remember my birthday.
I want to get cigarettes.
A new tax has been imposed on cigarettes.
Even though I was right, he got the best of me.
For instance, bowing is peculiar to us, the Japanese.
It began raining just now.
You probably just have a cold.
Takeo is engrossed in solving mathematical problems.
There being no taxis available, we walked home.
A lot of people were killed in World War II.
So I will see him running on the way to school today.
Could you check the tire pressure?
I get most things at the stores.
I usually gas up the car at this service station.
You must be very naive to be taken in by such a story.
If you go on at that rate, you will surely fail.
It's thoughtless of her to say so.
Such an old fan would be next to useless.
Never have I seen such a thing.
You don't have to cry out. I can hear you.
You should not look to others for help so easily.
You ought not to say such things in public.
I might as well die as do such a thing.
I don't know how such a rumor got about.
We have been friends ever since.
He has enough money to buy it.
Buy it for me, please.
It's foul of you to have concealed it.
I thought I must do it.
Either of them is satisfactory to me.
Those pictures were painted by him.
That's a useful piece of information.
I am tired of hearing it.
That does not accord with his statement.
You can't fix it. You should buy a new one.
It is beyond the boundary of human knowledge.
It's a waste of time and money.
It is not because I hate him, but because I love him.
We got a good price for that.
It was a casual meeting.
It shows the depth of his love for his family.
You should leave it for tomorrow.
It was a most beautiful flower.
It was a daring adventure, full of thrill and excitement.
It's not a thing one can well boast of.
It is the most artistic picture I have ever taken.
There is not a ray of truth in it.
I want him to be informed about that in advance.
Nevertheless, many are choosing early retirement.
I would do anything but that.
That's the cause of his failure.
There is a strong presumption against its truth.
I made up my mind to do the work however hard it may be.
Don't come near me. I have a cold.
I've gadded enough of that story.
The old woman fell an easy prey to the fraud.
The old man was fast asleep when the bear came.
The train runs between Tokyo and Kagoshima.
The parents expected too much of their son.
They set up their backs against the claim.
If it is wrongly used, the medicine will be a poison.
The night was so cold.
We must consider the question from every aspect.
Let's leave that matter for later.
The importance of this matter cannot be over-emphasized.
My memory is blank on the subject.
Can you climb the tree?
Please send the book by mail.
Give the book back to the owner.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
The riot was soon put down by the police.
He is the one who comes after me.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
The soldiers were exposed to the enemy's fire.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
All was quiet in the room.
You must not enter the room.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The hospital was barred from doing business for three years.
I had no choice but to take the plane.
That program is broadcast every other week.
The greengrocer is very kind to his customers.
The museum is worth a visit.
They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
The road is under repair.
The answer is completely wrong.
The island has a fine harbor.
The city is notorious for its polluted air.
I differ from you on that point.
The store might be closed already.
The burglar is used to staying up late.
The angler felt a strong tug on the line.
