I've always wondered what it'd be like to have siblings.
My physics teacher doesn't care if I skip classes.
How could I be a robot? Robots don't dream.
I want a boat that will take me far away from here.
I would never have guessed that.
Would you like to dance with me?
She's faking sleep. That's why she's not snoring.
You are the great love of my life.
An opinion is shocking only if it is a conviction.
Yes, it happens from time to time.
A cursory examination of his teeth indicated that he had gingivitis.
A child is not a vessel for filling, but a fire to light.
Your secret will be safe with me.
He's got a face like a month of wet Sundays.
At this hour, there is incredible traffic.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
There was not a bloody soul.
I want to know who is coming with us.
She has as many books as I.
I've got mosquito bites all over my arm.
You must apologize to her, and that at once.
You should not play on his generous nature.
Must you work on Sunday?
Are you meeting someone here?
You should swear on the Bible.
You are welcome to do anything you like.
You should try to cut your way.
You are the wickedest witty person I know.
You must do your best.
How many times a month do you write home?
You must know you're faced with a crisis.
What do you want now?
You worked hard, or you would have failed.
Now that you're grown up, you must not behave like that.
You neglected to tell me to buy bread.
Why did you say such a thing?
You can bank on that.
How do you account for the fact?
You had better make a clean breast of everything.
You have only to read a few pages of this book.
You have only to wait here for him.
You always insist that you are in the right.
You must be here till five.
I don't mean to challenge your theory.
I am sick of your complaint.
Your efforts will soon pay off.
Your son has come of age.
I hope you have a happy future ahead of you.
Your watch is more expensive than mine.
Your behavior is quite out of place.
What you are saying does not make sense.
Your conclusion is highly arguable.
Let's meet halfway between your house and mine.
I don't know what to make of your actions.
We are worried about you.
I will forgive him out of consideration.
I am looking forward to seeing you.
I bear no grudge against you.
It's not the time but the will that you lack.
How old will you be next year?
You are not the only one responsible for it, I am too.
I will lend you whatever book you need.
You have good reason to be angry.
I will wait till you have written the letter.
It makes no difference whether you go or not.
It's no use your saying anything.
If you ask him again, he may change his mind.
I wish you had not told the story to my mother.
You'll be missed by your friends.
Shoes are stiff when they are new.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain this afternoon.
I could've met you at the airport.
Air is indispensable to life.
The sky was completely dark.
The contrast between the sky and the mountain is striking.
That was well worth the trouble.
We must ask the bank for the loan.
A fiscal tightening policy is being enacted.
Do you want to be rich?
Gold is more precious than iron.
Some of the money was stolen.
I have seen much of him lately.
These days, the motive for marriage is not necessarily pure. Take Jennifer for example.
Why don't you come to my house one of these days?
There are marked and rapidly, steadily increasing health benefits to giving up.
I'm glad we didn't go there because there were some localized heavy rain showers.
Hasn't he looked at himself in a mirror?
Bridges are burning and chances are few.
Our professor promised to hold off on the final exam for another week.
The teacher had to evaluate all the students.
You must not forget your schoolbooks.
Will you kindly come here at nine?
The burglar broke into the post office in broad daylight.
The society made him president.
Kyoto is famous for its old temples.
Fish cannot live out of water.
A gigantic bird came flying toward him.
As compared with last summer, we haven't had so much rain this year.
Cows provide us with milk.
Since I got a raise, I can manage.
She did not eat anything until she was rescued.
Hurry, and you will catch the train.
You can take your time.
Hurry up! Here comes the bus.
If you don't take a vacation, you'll collapse.
Do you feel like resting?
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
Smoking is now banned on all domestic plane flights.
No one could get the better of him in an argument.
I feel profound sympathy for the victims.
You are much too kind to me.
We have given your order highest priority.
An orderly lifestyle and a regular diet are the keys to health.
The trains leave at two-hour intervals.
It was a pleasant day, but there were few people in the park.
Watch out! There's a big hole there.
You're back late. What have you been up to?
Machinery uses a lot of electricity.
We tend to welcome only proof of what we already know.
Fan letters lay in a heap on the desk.
To my joy, my daughter passed the examination.
I'll be glad to help him.
In a crisis you must keep your head.
I'm getting little pimples on my face. I wonder if I've been getting enough sleep lately.
We hope to lower the tariff.
Correct the mistake and return the file to Mr Luxemburg.
The tourists were fascinated with the exquisite scenery.
As it is written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
Do you care for sweets?
The patient will soon recover from his illness.
Charge this bill to me.
The cold weather may keep the plants from budding.
The stock price index soared to an all-time high.
Do you play a musical instrument?
The students gathered at the call of the principal.
Students must keep silent during class.
Have students read such books as will make them think more.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity to learn.
I met her on my way to school.
The school grounds extend as far as this fence.
Why are you here when you should be in school?
You're never too old to learn.
He is not handsome, to be sure, but he is good-natured.
Each man's pay was in proportion to his work.
As a rule, we have a lot of rain in the fall.
Do you have any cough medicine?
It is interesting to make friends with a foreigner.
He deceives others with his appearance.
Could we have a table outside?
You cannot make a crab walk straight.
Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to say a few words of welcome.
A short stroll along the beach gave me a good appetite for breakfast.
When I contemplate the sea, I feel calm.
Swimming in the sea is great fun.
Can you fix the broken radio?
This hall was full of people.
The company abandoned that project.
The meeting was arranged for Tuesday.
The conference was cloaked in secrecy.
Only a few people showed up on time for the meeting.
It was around eight last night when the meeting broke up.
We helped each other to overcome the difficulties.
We must preserve our peaceful constitution.
We should follow his example.
We demanded that he explain to us why he was late.
We talked on the telephone.
We must beef up our organization.
We are faced with new kinds of diseases.
We should read the newspaper so as not to lag behind the times.
We were crushed into the crowded train.
We fought a hard battle.
We turned left at the corner and drove north.
We hit the right road in the dark.
We were able to settle the matter finally.
We camped on the border of the lake.
We should approach this problem from different angles.
We tried to eliminate all danger beforehand.
We have a substantial stake in the venture.
Our ancestors knew how to read the stars.
Winter sports are very popular in our country.
Our team competed with a powerful rival.
It is good for us to understand other cultures.
Our showroom made a hit with young ladies.
A swarm of mosquitoes followed him.
It's never too late to make amends.
The label is attached to the trunk.
The flower shop is just across the street.
Mars is all the more interesting for its close resemblance to our Earth.
When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.
Making use of fire may be regarded as man's greatest invention.
Singing is her strong point.
According to scientists, the atmosphere is getting warmer year after year.
If science makes progress, we'll be able to solve such problems.
Supporting his family was a great burden for him.
There are a great many people trying buy houses.
I spent the holidays decorating the house.
Can you deliver it to my house?
He is away from home.
I usually went to bed at ten during the summer vacation.
My plan for the summer is to go to Europe.
I often go swimming at the beach in the summer.
How many exposures would you like?
Having lost the game over and over again, he finally gave in.
Wherever you go, you will find the same thing.
When did you get up?
You should do your best in everything.
What was it I left behind?
You are sure to succeed, whatever you do.
Above all, take care of yourself.
Never hesitate to tell the truth.
We just got to first base.
You can't hope to have your own way in everything.
If you have some troubles, I recommend you confer with him.
Give me something to write with.
Come what may, I won't change my mind.
You must persevere before you can accomplish anything great.
Something went off with a loud noise.
Please tell me what happened - off the record, of course.
I got soaked to the skin.
Try to reproduce the music in your mind.
The music gradually died away.
I'm just a boy who makes mistakes.
I cleared the roof of snow.
I succeed to the throne.
The door gave to my pressure.
Maintaining a high salt diet may contribute to high blood pressure.
Pencils are sold by the dozen.
We had not gone far before we saw the road blocked by a truck.
There were almost no railroads out west.
The concert began with a piano solo.
The yen's appreciation accelerated the decline of that company.
The station is pretty far.
The station is near here. You'll be in time for the train.
I ran into my old teacher at the station.
The English are generally a conservative people.
To speak English is not easy.
I like English so much, but sometimes it is very difficult for me.
The student who failed the English exam was cheered up by his friend's words.
Proficient in English, he is looked on as a good teacher.
I like going to the movies.
We must not speak ill of others behind their backs.
My muscular strength has weakened from lack of exercise.
A driver was sleeping in the car.
I am happy about your good luck.
It seems that the rainy season has set in.
I feel like singing in the rain.
Besides the rain, we experienced heavy winds.
The rain is beating against the windows.
I said it might rain.
Since it was raining, I took a taxi.
Wait till the rain stops.
Space science is still in its infancy.
There's a pea in my right nostril.
He doesn't care, provided he has enough to eat and drink.
The flash of lightning precedes the sound of thunder.
A minute has sixty seconds.
What time are you the happiest?
Generally speaking, little girls are fond of dolls.
After a year's practice, she plays the piano after a fashion.
Do you offer any all-day tours?
You must not eat too much food at one time.
Can the report be true?
I decided that I was going to work as hard as I can.
No student was able to answer the question.
Would you play with me?
It kept raining for a week.
Not a moment could be lost.
At first glance, the question seemed easy.
You'll make a fortune by taking a chance.
The doctors tell you that he is brain-dead.
Doctors have a difficult problem.
A doctor's instruments must be kept absolutely clean.
The doctor devoted a great deal of effort and the patient recovered.
You really shouldn't use pirated software.
How do I fix the seat?
The committee is discussing social welfare.
You should read about the careers of great men.
I used to sit up late at night.
The explanation below was achieved by comparing and contrasting a variety of different theories.
It is too dark to play outside.
Don't read books in a dark place.
The notorious rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
The instant I open the lid an offensive smell greets my nose.
A bad habit, once formed, is difficult to get rid of.
Nothing is as precious as love.
We sought to come to terms with them.
We were obliged to give up our plan.
We shall overcome all our difficulties.
To our great relief, she returned home safe and sound.
I saw him run away.
I like pizza very much.
I went to bed later than usual.
We crossed several rivers on the way.
Don't haggle over a small sum of money.
Crime is certainly on the increase in many of our big cities.
Wine is made from grapes.
It is seven in London now.
I need a lot of cloth to make a long dress.
Do you have any rock CDs?
Laura is very particular about her clothes.
The candle has gone out.
This part of the report may be left out.
Within the rape crisis movement, Greensite's dissent is significant.
Linda stuck her tongue out.
Lincoln set out to abolish slavery in the United States.
Her name wasn't on the list.
It's horrible to get caught in rush hour traffic.
The radio warned us of the coming earthquake and we started gathering our things.
We've got to catch the lion alive.
They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Come along with us if you like.
Do you think we'll have good weather?
Who runs faster, Yumi or Keiko?
There was a fire in this city last night.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
I found it easy when I gave it a try.
It will not be long before the cherry blossoms on our campus come out.
Mona Lisa has a mild but mysterious smile.
If it's possible, I'd like to exchange this for a larger size.
A more experienced lawyer would have dealt with the case in a different way.
Does anyone want some more pie?
Of course I remember the news quite well.
If it is rainy tomorrow, the game will be put off.
Let me help you, if necessary.
You'll have to take his place in case he can't come.
If it were not for electricity, our civilized life would be impossible.
If it were not for plants, we wouldn't be able to live.
If I were a bird, I could fly to you.
Refer to the Users' Guide if you have any problems.
If it were not for air and water, nothing could live.
Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
If you want any more wine, go to the cellar and get some.
If you want this job, you must apply for it by tomorrow.
If you go fishing tomorrow, I will, too.
You can leave now. I'll see to our luggage.
Have you eaten your lunch yet?
With a little more effort, he would have succeeded.
Do you have a cheaper room?
Have you washed your hands yet?
I guess I'll have to leave now.
May I put it on again?
We are looking forward to serving you again.
How about adding a little bit more salt?
It will not be long before our food runs out.
Waiter, please bring me another glass of beer.
Is there any space for one more person?
It has become noticeably colder.
May Day is also a festival day for the workers in the world.
Where did Ming go to do her homework?
I spoke loudly so that everyone could hear me.
We all held our breath while we watched it.
Miniskirts have been out of date for some time.
Please feel free to contact me for details about the meeting or the schedule.
Maria takes piano lessons once a week.
It will not be long before the sun rises.
It was not long before the rumor died out.
I wrote to him for quite another reason.
I can't stand to take another university entrance exam!
The doctors tell you that your brother will never wake up again.
She must still be in her twenties.
I must finish this work first.
I want to eat some cake first.
Makoto found his true love on top of Ayers Rock. She's from Osaka.
Mike named his dog Spike.
Mike and David are always quarreling with each other over trifles.
I think it's very like a Picasso.
You really like comic books, don't you?
Do you offer a volume discount? If so, please send details.
Bob was looking for someone to talk with.
Bob operates an elevator in the department store.
Bob Johnson tried to make people realize the seriousness of the situation in Africa.
Few people know each other well.
Are the hotel rooms supplied with hair dryers?
There cannot be any tea left in the pot.
It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
I am going to put my heart into the work.
Will you find my contact lens for me?
You shouldn't count on others for help.
Paul made a lot of money last year.
Paula has to help her father in the kitchen.
Dr. Hawking had almost finished writing a book.
Ben committed his diary to the lawyer's care.
Helen does not eat enough and she is getting thin.
The helicopter is flying very low.
Betty brought some roses and Jane some carnations.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
Would you like bacon or sausage?
Fred is always telling lies.
I would like to go to France.
Brazil supplies us with much of our coffee.
Ms. Brown seems to be an actress.
Give me a bottle of wine.
The owl can see in the dark.
A fashion model must have a good carriage.
Bill has the makings of an excellent scientist.
Bill is my best friend.
Bill is still a legendary figure in this company.
See which way the cat jumps.
Let's take a coffee break, shall we?
I had a hard time.
I'd like to marry a girl who likes to play video games.
How about going on a picnic?
Will you sing me a Beatles' song?
Can you play the piano?
The hunter shot at the bird.
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
Experience the sickening knotting of the stomach.
Why don't you have Dad clean up his study?
To put it clearly, I don't like him.
Personal computers are of great use.
I can't finish this part of the puzzle.
How often do the buses run?
May I have a bus schedule?
Basketball is a lot of fun.
Never go across the street without looking for cars first.
Cut the pie into slices.
Yes. I was very surprised at the news.
The party was such a great success.
It's a hassle trying to decide what to wear to the party.
All the children sat up and behaved themselves at the party.
It's my dream to win a Nobel Prize.
Do I need a tie?
New York City policemen wear dark blue uniforms.
Change trains at Chicago for New York.
Nick looks down on anyone who comes from a rural area.
He managed to run the machine.
Oh, no! My house is on fire!
Nancy is a shade darker than Helen is.
It is true he has a good fast ball, but he is often wild.
Don't let the pan boil dry.
Why does he look black?
Why do you have to work late?
The reason is that I want to be an English teacher.
Why did you go to Tokyo?
No river in the world is longer than the Nile.
However you do it, the result will be the same.
Please feel free to ask me any question.
He was determined to finish the work at any cost.
No matter how fast you run, you won't catch up with him.
No matter how rich one may be, one cannot live happily without health.
Whatever game he plays, he always wins.
The dress comes to my knees.
I'll give you a temporary treatment.
The truck bumped into a car.
We'll have to take on someone to do Tom's work.
To what extent can he be trusted?
Every child bowed to the teacher.
What would you like to be called?
How soon can I get to Tokyo?
Anyway, I'm glad you were able to broach this difficult subject.
Tony and his mother got on a bus in the middle of the town.
It was so hot that we went swimming.
This is anything but easy.
We find it difficult to decide which one to buy.
I wonder which way is the shortest.
If anything, my father seems happier than before.
Well, I think it's time the real story was told.
Information is given in English at every airport.
We haven't decided where to take a rest.
Where did you get on this bus?
The oil often spilled by tankers also adds to water pollution.
Evidently, it's going to rain tomorrow.
How did you pull off that agreement?
At last he could finish the work.
Please go on with your dinner.
Please make yourself at home, and help yourself to some coffee.
How did you get to know him?
What makes you think that I'm against that?
At all costs, I want to live in America.
What put such an idea into your head?
What's the trouble? Can I be of any help?
Will you please shut the door?
For some reason I couldn't access my e-mail.
Please don't forget to shut the door.
The door is opened every morning.
It was careless of you to leave the door unlocked.
Please turn off the television.
Television is ruining family life.
Many companies advertise their products on TV.
But I enjoyed farm work.
I have sailed up the Thames once.
Ted is looking forward to going abroad after graduation.
Apples were served as the dessert.
Please come home as quickly as possible.
Texas is nearly twice as large as Japan.
Who is the man sitting at the other end of the table?
Tim writes as if he were left-handed.
In Disneyland, popular characters in various stories march in procession at one o'clock.
They are always believing a groundless rumor.
I'd like a twin with an extra bed.
The rebel was ultimately captured and confined to jail.
I feel ashamed of having lost my temper.
You are burning up the road.
Why don't you stop by for a little while?
I've been thinking that I may have been too critical.
Just as Japanese boys play baseball, so English boys play cricket.
Just then, the telephone rang.
I am not the least bit worried.
I would like to buy some cheese.
I take dancing and modeling lessons.
No one can understand how the accident happened.
Everyone of us will have to accept the current of the times.
Someone hit me on the back.
It's no crime to just idle the whole day once in a while.
It happened that I sat next to her at a meeting.
Loose jackets are the latest fad.
Would you mind if I smoked?
I have a watch that is nice, if not new.
Even though it is raining, I don't care at all.
The lights went out just now.
The only solution is for her to give up the plan.
Takeshi keeps a diary in English.
The taxi drew up to me.
A good many people have told me to take a holiday.
So there is a magnetic field around earth.
The hardness of diamond is such that it can cut glass.
As a rule, I go to school before eight o'clock.
The British people in general are extremely fond of their pets.
The USSR will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
I didn't know you were that kind of a person.
I didn't expect that to come from you.
She was stupid to make such a mistake.
I cannot afford to buy such a thing.
You had better not sit up so late.
You need not have come all the way from such a distant place.
You must on no account do such a thing.
What a fool I was to do such a thing!
If only I had a pretty dress like that!
We have never heard from him since.
In order to share it, we'll have to tear it into two pieces.
Lay it down on paper so everyone understands better.
Will you carry it out for me?
Get it ready at once.
They are all of a price.
There was a minute difference between them.
That's not a useful piece of information.
It is what the law ordains.
That is no business of his.
It's in a small room at the end of the garden.
It's the fastest railroad in the world.
It is really quite a good story.
Does that mean you want to break up?
It is too expensive for me to buy.
That is because you always study hard.
You can do it at your leisure.
It must be done more carefully.
That was so good a book that I read it three times.
Gee, I wish I had that problem.
I think it's a good idea.
Does that price include tax?
Will there be an extra charge for that?
I put great value on your knowledge about it.
It is none the less true.
Those animals were in danger of dying out.
That accounts of her delay.
Is that what you have in mind?
That is exactly what I wanted to buy.
Sit on the sofa and make yourself comfortable.
That story brings to mind the person I met in New York.
The old couple embarked on a tour around the world.
The old man was not as mean as he looked.
The train arrived on schedule.
The food seems very delicious.
Do not give in to those demands.
We haven't tried the drug out on humans yet.
The night was so cold.
We must consider the question from every aspect.
Let's leave that matter for later.
The importance of this matter cannot be over-emphasized.
My memory is blank on the subject.
Can you climb the tree?
Please send the book by mail.
Give the book back to the owner.
Put the book on the bottom shelf.
The riot was soon put down by the police.
He is the one who comes after me.
Because of his great professional skill, the lawyer has a large number of clients.
The soldiers were exposed to the enemy's fire.
The beginning of the story was interesting.
All was quiet in the room.
You must not enter the room.
The couple spent a lot of money on furnishing their house.
The hospital was barred from doing business for three years.
I had no choice but to take the plane.
That program is broadcast every other week.
The greengrocer is very kind to his customers.
The museum is worth a visit.
They decided to settle down in Virginia that year.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The two boys traveled throughout the land.
The road is under repair.
The answer is completely wrong.
The island has a fine harbor.
The city is notorious for its polluted air.
I differ from you on that point.
The store might be closed already.
The burglar is used to staying up late.
The angler felt a strong tug on the line.
The bird went far away.
