I thought you liked to learn new things.
I don't want to wait that long.
It is up to you to decide whether we will go there or not.
We can't sleep because of the noise.
This is not my type.
I give you my word.
People who love doubt nothing, or doubt everything.
James had a great fear of making mistakes in class and being reprimanded.
Life begins when we realize who we really are.
We made pancakes for breakfast.
While eating a pizza he was annoying his sister.
I would like batteries for this device.
I'm not convinced at all.
Would you like to come?
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Did you fall in love with her at first sight?
You can depend on his help.
You must not come in.
Do you like to be kept waiting?
Are you concerned with politics?
You ought not to have spent so much money on your hobby.
You can't afford to neglect your health.
You insist upon our taking that course of action.
You're coming with us now.
You should pay attention to your well-being.
Do you plan to go abroad?
I think you'll have very little difficulty in getting a driver's license.
You are old enough to know better.
Have you done all your homework?
Why do you want to buy this book?
All you have to do is wait for his arrival.
You have to cope with those difficult problems.
You are responsible for the result.
You may as well begin at once.
You'll have this composition written by noon tomorrow, won't you?
Have you visited the town where your father was born?
You need not to have called me up so late at night.
Which party do you belong to?
Your daughter is not a child anymore.
At your age you ought to support yourself.
Is there no alternative to what you propose?
I didn't mean to hurt you.
Your question is hard for me to answer.
When talking about your last results, it is dependent on the last examination.
You may invite any person you like.
I envy your good health.
How far is it from your house to the park?
Your pen is better than mine.
I think your father hoped you would go to college.
We'll give you your revenge.
I take my hat off to you.
I guess that you can't do it.
I would prefer to speak to you in private.
When will you complete the preparations?
I noticed you entering my room.
It is difficult for you to climb to the mountaintop.
We heard the news that you had passed the exam.
Either you or your brother is wrong.
It is risky for you to go into that area alone.
I can't abide hearing you cry so bitterly.
It was too bad you couldn't come.
Take off your socks, please.
Judging from the look of the sky, it may rain at any moment.
I could've met you at the airport.
If it were not for air and water, we could not live.
The sky will soon clear up.
The sky seemed to blend with the sea.
Open your book to page nine.
I have to take some money out of the bank.
For all his wealth, he is unhappy.
Gold is more precious than iron.
The neighboring countries never submitted to his terrorism.
Travelling is easy these days.
There is a hospital nearby.
We'll visit you one of these days.
Don't smoke while you are on duty.
I stared back at her in surprise.
The excited crowd poured out of the stadium.
Don't cross a bridge till you come to it.
There were some students in the classroom.
Churches are designated on the map with crosses.
What is the ultimate purpose of education?
Flying against a strong wind is very difficult.
The strong will survive and the weak will die.
Competition is neither good nor evil in itself.
Do you think fish can hear?
Those present were surprised at the news.
The milk froze and became solid.
The cows are eating grass.
To weep is to make less the depth of grief.
I'm sorry we gave you such short notice of our visit.
Make haste, and you will be in time.
Let's get something quick to drink.
While we were on holiday, a neighbor took care of our cat.
Please come and see us sometime during the vacation.
Lots of low trees grow on the hill.
It is said that smoking is bad for your health.
The discussion produced a great deal of noise, but no forward motion.
Technological innovation brought about the rapid progress of the information industry.
You are my best friend.
Please do not touch the record side.
The rules require us all to be present.
We are having a whale of a time.
I want to get away from the rat race.
It is not my intention to return.
The machine was clogged with grease.
The desk is covered with dust.
There is only one book on the desk.
Strange as it may sound, this is true.
I'll be glad to come.
In a crisis you must keep your head.
I've got my stubbornness from my father.
It's as deep as it is wide.
The approaching exam, they knew, would be quite easy.
Is there a tour guide available?
Please follow the nurse's directions.
Teach me some kanji, please.
A spontaneous fire started in the hay.
You must take your coat, in case it gets cold.
Stock investments do not always yield profit.
The sum came to over 20,000 yen.
She can express her feelings when she feels happy or sad.
The student hall is for benefit of the students.
Not all the students are against the plan.
Students took the lead in the campaign against pollution.
I ran to school, but the bell had already rung.
Our school begins at eight.
Remember well what you learn at school.
The revolution has brought about many changes.
He did not get any game.
He who wears armor falls with a big crash!
Generally speaking, men are stronger than women.
There are lots of benefits from travelling abroad.
The very idea of being sent abroad delighted them.
Judging from her appearance, she seems to be very rich.
You can do it from the outside.
They regarded him as the best doctor in town.
The air by the sea is pure and healthy.
The circumstances did not allow me to go abroad.
Most creatures in the sea are affected by pollution.
Some people pursue only pleasure.
For whom will you vote for president?
The company bought shares in the venture.
We will let you know the time and date of the meeting soon.
The meeting lasted until 5.
The audience filled the hall.
When we were on the brink of starvation, they saved our lives.
It is important that we make plans in relation to anticipated changes.
We should not despise a man because he is poor.
We went to court when they refused to pay for the damage.
We admit that he is a man of ability.
We haven't known each other long.
We eat so we can live.
We discussed our plan for the future.
We crawled like so many ants along the mountain pass.
We took turns driving the car.
We are bored with the joke of professorial custom.
We should stick to our plan.
We waited with faint expectation.
We marveled at the little boy's eloquence.
We have to start at once.
We are always exposed to some kind of danger.
We have a plentiful supply of water.
All our efforts were in vain.
Our experiment has revealed that his report was unreliable.
Our company needs someone who feels at home when it comes to advanced technology.
Let us do the work.
Our sales campaign is successful in a big way.
We welcome those who want to join our club.
We haven't had a price increase in the last five years.
I filled a vase with water.
The blossoms expand under the influence of the weather.
A fire broke out on the first floor.
In case of fire, call 119.
As he had no way of making fire, he ate the fish raw.
If you are free, come around to see me.
Science is based on careful observation.
We tend to use more and more electric appliances in the home.
Having finished all her housework, she sat down on the sofa to watch television.
We are not cold in the house.
On arriving home, he laid himself on the floor.
Don't you feel the house shaking?
I'm just going to rest during the summer vacation.
Grass is luxuriant in summer.
He emphasized that tens of thousands of people would come to that concert.
Thousands of people wanted to know the answer.
Many kinds of flowers will come out soon.
Do you know what day it is?
Do you know why they stopped talking?
My view is different from his as to what should be done.
Above all, don't tell a lie.
For what purpose did he come here?
I tried everything to keep him alive.
A jack of all trades is a master of none.
Do you have anything hot?
Give me something to do.
Give me an accurate report of what happened.
I saw something very bright fly across the night sky.
What led you to believe so?
You can wear your undershirt.
Music has a charm that soothes even the savage's breast.
The thermometer is an instrument for measuring temperature.
Don't put it on my desk.
The tile that fell from the roof broke into pieces.
The royal palace was built on a hill.
Pollution has a disastrous effect on the ecology of a region.
We cannot do without salt even for a single day.
The picnic was called off because of the rain.
Seen from a distance, the hill looks like an elephant.
The smoke ascended into the air.
Gardening has been popular for some years.
Could you give me a lift to the train station?
The station is to the west of the hotel.
Will you wait for us at the station?
English is a language spoken all over the world.
Swimming is fun for me.
Did you enjoy the film?
The situation is growing serious.
Exercise is good for your health.
The job of a driver is not as easy as it looks.
Lying and stealing live next door to each other.
In spite of the rain, we enjoyed our holiday.
The rain dampened their spirits.
He said that he was afraid it would be rainy.
Let's go as soon as it stops raining.
I said it might rain.
Though it was raining, we played football.
Wait till the rain stops.
The spaceship made a perfect landing.
Turning to the right, you will find the hospital.
Have a good supply of drinking water.
A chain of events led to the outbreak of the war.
Some babies learn to swim even before they are one year old.
What is most troublesome is the corruption of the best.
The general feeling is that it's wrong.
It rained hard all day.
Are you sure you've never met him?
What was it that you gave him?
I ran and ran, but missed the train.
An old man broke into our conversation.
Each individual paid 1,000 dollars.
Don't commit yourself to doing it within a week.
The party fought their way up.
The family had a hard time after the war.
He had been ill for a week when they sent for a doctor.
The doctor advised him not to smoke.
Doctors warn us of possible danger.
What do you say to seeing a doctor?
Doctors can be wrong, and some patients can suddenly improve.
We have an oversupply of clothing.
The chair hasn't arrived yet.
The committee inquired into the cause of the accident.
Great scholar as he is, he is lacking in common sense.
There used to be a store right here.
A tiny object moved in the dark.
She switched on the lamp because it was dark.
Send it to me as a compressed file.
Bad cold is prevailing throughout the country.
A bad habit is easily acquired.
Love moves in mysterious ways.
We all shall die sooner or later.
We participated in the athletic meet of our company.
We sat, as it were, on a volcano.
No one ever knew the true story except the three of us.
I am completely against it.
I didn't take part in the conversation.
My uncle has a store along the street.
I got control of the works.
Our country abounds in products.
Wine is not harmful in itself.
Robert broke off in the middle of his phone call.
Role-playing video games are time consuming.
Roy fastened the medal with a pin.
What do you think of reggae?
Linda came home late at night.
Lincoln is a great person.
Even if you don't like rum, try a glass of this.
There is a short program of local news on the radio.
The lion ate the rabbit in one bite.
I often have post-nasal drip.
John was not at home, as is often the case with him.
Making good grades requires studying hard.
The sense of humor is mysteriously bound up with national characteristics.
The upper part of the mountain is covered with snow.
In order to lose weight some people skip meals.
I do not need a loan anymore.
We should judge matters on a broader basis.
Do more exercise, or you'll get too fat.
You should eat more fruit.
Provided you have a reservation, you can check in anytime.
If you are tired, go to bed.
If he had been careful then, the terrible accident would not have happened.
If you have a medical certificate, bring it.
You must work hard if you are to succeed.
Would you mind terribly making me a cup of coffee?
If it were not for sports, how dull school life would be!
Had we left home at seven, we could have arrived on time.
I've had it with him.
I could not eat another bite.
A little more to the right, just like so!
I have had more than enough.
It's already time to go home.
Please send me another copy.
Would you like another piece of cake?
With a little more effort.
I can no longer remain silent.
The rainy season will be over in another two weeks or so.
Mary was given a raise by her employer.
Nobody was to be seen on the main street.
Mary asked her son to behave himself.
Mary has not started yet.
Mary is in want of common sense.
Let's pretend we are aliens.
Everybody was jealous of my success.
Girls wearing mini-skirts, walking or sitting, are very effective eye-openers.
I spent a whole day cleaning up my room.
Mayuko ate up all the cookies.
It won't be long before he is up and about.
It is going to rain soon.
Go straight on, and you will find the store.
Are you still collecting stamps?
I'm afraid the time is not yet ripe for it.
In the first place, he's a lazy boy.
More and more people are becoming aware of the dangers of smoking.
I will not go to the length of saying such things.
Mike is not a member of the volleyball team.
I sort of like him.
It's been quite ages since we last met.
Bob's really a chip off the old block.
Bob is a good match for you in skating.
You hardly ever work, do you?
The hotel fronts the lake.
Please fill the teapot with boiling water.
It is rude to speak with your hands in your pockets.
I will try it again.
Can you give me some money?
Who else is gone today?
There were many people in the hall.
The boat sank to the bottom of the lake.
Ben is behind them, but he'll soon catch up with them.
Helen weighs not more than 40 kilograms.
Betty will be able to come before noon.
He laid himself on the bed.
Read the bottom of the page.
The brakes did not work.
A plastic glass is better than one made of real glass.
Football is my favorite game.
While swimming in the pool, she lost her locker key.
Bill will return next week.
Bill is my best friend.
There is a car in front of the building.
The weakness of vinyl is that it is easily affected by heat.
I had a devil of a time.
Sheep provide us with wool.
Picasso is a famous artist whom everyone knows.
Peter was fed up with childish girls.
I need some bread and milk.
Paris did her best to defend her liberties.
During the bubble, people dreamed of a life of leisure.
Give me a definite answer.
The bus stop is five minutes' walk from here.
It seemed that the bus had been late.
Let's run to the bus stop.
Where is the bus terminal?
You should be on your guard when doing business with strangers.
The pilot described the scene in detail.
Here is your appointment card.
The party broke up late.
Only six people were present at the party.
My throat feels clogged up.
Could you show me that necktie?
Writing news stories is his job.
I will finish this work somehow.
You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
Nancy, here's a letter for you.
Success does not come from laziness.
Why does he look black?
What put it in your head to come here now?
Why are you in such a hurry?
Bright ideas never occur to me.
You can buy and read any kind of book at any time.
Feel free to ask any questions.
Any house is better than none.
No matter how hard you try, the result will be the same.
Why do you need it?
The answers are all right.
The dollar dropped to 125 today from 126 yen yesterday.
Someone stole my traveler's checks.
Tomoko almost started to cry.
Tom had no appetite because of his illness.
Tom never used to smoke, but he does now.
Tom should have gone to the dentist yesterday.
Tom arrived late at the station.
Tom is the proper boy for the job.
Tom came home early yesterday.
Tom's hobby is collecting photos of cars.
I didn't know for certain which train to take.
Which dictionary did you refer to?
Please inform me what options are available to me.
